clarify aws snapshot docs (#12764)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/build/snapshot.md

1. Download the snapshot for the epoch you want to restore to your local disk. There is one snapshot per epoch in s3 bucket.
1. Place the snapshot into the directory that the `db-config` value points to in your sui-node.yaml file. For example, if the `db-config` value points to `/opt/sui/db/authorities_db/full_node_db` and you want to restore from epoch 10, then copy the snapshot to the directory with this command:

>    `aws s3 cp s3://<BUCKET_NAME>/epoch_10 /opt/sui/db/authorities_db/full_node_db/live --recursive --no-sign-request` (`--no-sign-request` allows you to bypass setting aws credentials for the cli)

Reviewer: could we make the comment a separate line in normal text instead of part of the command?
```suggestion
   `aws s3 cp s3://<BUCKET_NAME>/epoch_10 /opt/sui/db/authorities_db/full_node_db/live --recursive --no-sign-request`
   Use `--no-sign-request` to bypass setting AWS credentials for the CLI.
```
